Update move-domain.mdx (#17366)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/fundamentals/setup/manage-domains/move-domain.mdx

SSL/TLS certificates associated with your previous Cloudflare account will not be transferred to your new account. If your site requires an SSL/TLS certificate prior to domain transfer, refer to [Minimize downtime](/ssl/edge-certificates/universal-ssl/enable-universal-ssl/#minimize-downtime).

> If you were using [Custom certificates](/ssl/reference/certificate-statuses/#custom-certificates), you will need to delete them from the previous zone and upload them to the new zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you were using [Custom certificates](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/), you will need to delete them from the previous zone and upload them to the new zone.
```
